docs: Document our conventions for experimental features (#20)
modelix/modelix.docs: docs/modules/ROOT/pages/main/development.adoc

All development in-between is carried out as patches on the releases.
This release cycle starts from 2023 with the first release on the MPS Community meetup in May: `2023.R1`.

To gain an overview over existing components, please refer to the list of components xref:reference/repositories-components.adoc[here].

[#experimental_features]
== Experimental features

Sometimes we want to implement a feature or expose an API that is experimental.

When doing so, we mark the APIs as experimental.
In TypeScript we use the https://tsdoc.org/pages/tags/experimental/[documentation tag `@experimental`].

> For Kotlin we create the annotation `@UnstableModelixFeature` for an https://kotlinlang.org/docs/opt-in-requirements.html[Opt-in requirement]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For Kotlin, we use the annotation `@UnstableModelixFeature` for an https://kotlinlang.org/docs/opt-in-requirements.html[opt-in requirement]
```

That annotation was already created.

> When marking something as experimental, we document the reason for it being experimental and when we will make it stable or remove it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When marking something as experimental, we document the reason for it being experimental and our plans for stabilizing the feature.
```

> An example in our Kotlin code can be found https://github.com/modelix/modelix.core/blob/e14d15f/model-client/src/jsMain/kotlin/org/modelix/model/client2/ClientJS.kt[here]. An example in TypeScript can be found https://github.com/modelix/modelix.core/blob/main/vue-model-api/src/useRootNode.ts[here].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An example in our Kotlin code can be found https://github.com/modelix/modelix.core/blob/e14d15f/model-client/src/jsMain/kotlin/org/modelix/model/client2/ClientJS.kt[here].
An example in TypeScript can be found https://github.com/modelix/modelix.core/blob/main/vue-model-api/src/useRootNode.ts[here].
```
